Deploy Nginx on the Microsoft Azure Cobalt 100 processors (#10)
odidev/arm-learning-paths: content/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/nginx-on-azure/deploy.md

---
title: Install Nginx on Microsoft Azure Virtual Machine
weight: 5

### FIXED, DO NOT MODIFY
layout: learningpathall
---

## Nginx Installation on Azure Linux 3.0

> Install Nginx using `dnf`, start the service, and allow **HTTP/HTTPS** in the firewall. Then access the default welcome page using your virtual machine’s public IP in a browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Nginx using `dnf` in the Azure Linux 3.0 environment, start the Nginx service, and allow **HTTP** in the firewall. Then access the default welcome page using your virtual machine’s public IP in a browser.
```
